---
description: Nothing new, just a cleanup
---

# v0.4 Cleanup

This release is a technical one. It includes only deletions of deprecated features and general refactoring of the API. This release intentionally does not include any new features, so you can upgrade your codebase without any pressure.

There are a bunch of breaking changes, but they are all minor and should not affect your code much. Furthermore, they are [soundness as promised](/statements/releases). Please read the migration guide carefully before upgrading.

::: tip Q: Why breaking changes is necessary now?

A: The best APIs are created on top of real cases, so we've released [v0.1 Samet Nangshe](/releases/0-1) 3 months ago to get feedback from the community and collect real use cases. We've got a lot of feedback, and now we are ready to make the API more consistent and predictable.

:::

## Migration guide

### `retry`

`retry(config)` overload has been deleted in favor of `retry(operation, config)` to support retrying of [_Mutations_](/api/primitives/mutation) as well as [_Queries_](/api/primitives/query).

```ts
// before
retry({
  query: someQuery,
  times: 3,
  delay: 1000,
});

// after
retry(someQuery, {
  times: 3,
  delay: 1000,
});
```

### Effector 22.4

This release requires with Effector 22.4 or higher. If you are using Effector 22.3, you have to upgrade to 22.4.

<!--@include: ./0-4.changelog.md-->

### Change signature of `.finished.success`

`.finished.success` now has a payload of type `{ result: Data, params: Params }` instead of `{ data: Data, params: Params }` to be consistent with `.done` of [_Effect_](https://effector.dev/docs/api/effector/effect).

```ts
// before
query.finished.success.watch(({ data }) => {
  // ...
});

// after
query.finished.success.watch(({ result }) => {
  // ...
});
```

### Change signature of Validator

`Validator` now accepts `{ result, params }` object instead of two separate arguments to be consistent with `.finished.*` [_Events_](https://effector.dev/docs/api/effector/event).

#### Function form

```ts
// before
const validator = (result, params) => {
  // ...
};

// after
const validator = ({ result, params }) => {
  // ...
};
```

#### Object form

```ts
// before
const validator = {
  source: $externalStore,
  fn: (result, params, externalSource) => {
    // ...
  },
};

// after
const validator = {
  source: $externalStore,
  fn: ({ result, params }, externalSource) => {
    // ...
  },
};
```
